Hello this is the question for exercise 79 and for this exercise
I'd like you to create a program that lets the user submit a  password through impute until the
password satisfies three conditions.
So the password contains at least one number, it contains an uppercase letter, at least one upper case
letter, and the password is at least 5 characters long.
So if one of these conditions is not satisfied, you want to print out this message 'password is not
fine'.
Let me demonstrate the programe. 79.
So first I'll create a password that contains at least one number.
So we're satisfying the first condition, however this is saying the passport is not fine because the other
two conditions have not been satisfied.
So this is asking again to enter a password.
Let me satisfy the first two conditions this time.
So at least one number and an uppercase letter, bout not five characters long yet, so password is not
fine again.
So this time I want to enter a number, a big letter, and also have the password at least five characters
long.
So all three conditions and this time I get 'password is fine'.
And the script stops executing.
This is what you want to build in this exercise.
I wish you good luck with that and I'll talk to you later.